What are you talking about?
Who is following you?
Our wife is just out for a walk
Scary people should have scary rules
Sister, this is scary and insensible
I'll teach you a lesson
Do you mind?
I don't mind.
you
If you dare to hit my concubine, you should look like a concubine
Show off your power in front of me
Shouldn't fight
I'm not talking nonsense with you either.
I'm here to follow you
Follow Me
You came here today?
Isn't it just the tobacco business with your last family?
What do you want?
I just want to see who your last family is
I'm afraid you'll be disappointed.
This tobacco business?
It's mine.
Miss Qin really loves to joke
This tobacco business
I'm afraid you will accept it.
How about we talk about cooperation?
The leader of the gang came on behalf of the commander-in-chief
Not really.
This time I'm representing myself
I'm sorry about that.
We take care of this business
Temporarily uncooperative
And this tobacco business?
There is a commander-in-chief behind it
What if the gang leader wants to do something wrong?
I suggest you still weigh it carefully
You and I Lifei
I hate that threat the most